Add more Defend-centric combat feats (#161)
Leafwing-Studios/fonts-of-power: rulebook/src/character-options/classes/alchemist/combat_feats.md

## Extra Effort

**Effects:** Whenever you use the Catalyze action, you may choose to spend an additional AP. If you do, you have advantage on any attacks made.

## Blast Guard

> **Effects:** After you make an attack that targets yourself, but before the attack's effects resolve, gain the benefit of the Defend action twice.

Author: ```suggestion
**Effects:** After you make a damaging attack that targets yourself, but before the attack's effects resolve, gain the benefit of the Defend action twice.
```
